2-step
78 revival
8-bit
a capella
abstract hip hop
accordion
acid folk
acid house
acid jazz
acid lounge
acid rock
acid techno
acoustic
acoustic blues
acoustic guitar
acoustic pop
acoustic rock
adult contemporary
africa
african
afro-cuban
afrobeat
aggrotech
ai
album rock
algeria
alt pop
alt-country
alternative
alternative country
alternative dance
alternative electronic
alternative folk
alternative hip hop
alternative lounge
alternative metal
alternative pop
alternative rap
alternative rnb
alternative rock
alternativo
ambience
ambient
ambient black metal
ambient dub
ambient electronic
ambient electronica
ambient folk noir
ambient house
ambient industrial
ambient noise
ambient pop
ambient rock
ambient techno
ambient trance
america
american
american classical
american idol
american indie
american underground
americana
anarcho-punk
andrea botez
animals
anime rock
anthem emo
anti-folk
apocalyptic folk
arabic
arena rock
argentina
art pop
art punk
art rock
asia
asian
asian female vocalists
asian pop
asian rock
atlanta
atmospheric black metal
atmospheric doom metal
atmospheric drum and bass
atmospheric metal
atmospheric rock
atmospheric sludge metal
aussie
austin
australia
australian
austria
austrian
austropop
avant-folk
avant-garde black metal
avant-garde jazz
avant-garde metal
avant-pop
avant-prog
avant-rock
avantgarde pop
avanthop
bachata
bagpipes
balearic
balkan
ballad
ballet
baltimore
banjo
barcelona
baritone
baroque
baroque francais
baroque pop
bass
bass house
bassline
bay area
beat
beatdown hardcore
bebop
bedroom pop
beethoven
belarus
belarusian
belgian
belgium
berlin
berlin school
bhangra
big band
big beat
bitcore
bitpop
black ambient
black death metal
black doom metal
black metal
black noise
blackened crust
blackened death metal
blackened deathcore
blackened speed metal
blackened thrash metal
blackgaze
blue-eyed soul
bluegrass
blues
blues rock
boa vista
bolero
bollywood
boogie
book
boom bap
bossa nova
bosta
boston
bounce
boy band
braindance
brasileira
brass
brazil
brazilian
brazilian pop
brazilian rock
breakbeat
breakbeat hardcore
breakcore
breaks
breizh
bristol
britain
british
british folk
british hip hop
british invasion
british rock
british underground
britpop
bro-country
broadway
broken beat
brooklyn
brostep
brutal death metal
brutal deathcore
bubblegum bass
bubblegum pop
buenos aires
buffalo
bulgarian
c-pop
c86
cabaret
cajun
california
calypso
canada
cantata
cantautor
cantautore
cantautori
canterbury
canterbury scene
caracarai
catalan
ccm
celtic
celtic folk
celtic punk
celtic rock
chamber
chamber folk
chamber jazz
chamber pop
chanson
chanson francaise
chant
chaotic hardcore
chicago
chicago blues
chicago house
chicano rap
chile
chilean
chill house
chill new age
chillhop
chillout
chillout downtempo
chillstep
chillwave
china
chinese
chiptune
choir
chopped and screwed
choral
christian
christian metal
christian metalcore
christian rap
christian rock
city pop
clarinet
classic country
classic rock
classical
classical christmas
classical composer
classical crossover
classical guitar
classical piano
classical violin
clavecin
cleveland
cloud rap
coldwave
college rock
colombia
comedian
comedy
comedy rock
composer
concert
conductor
conscious hip hop
contemporary christian
contemporary classical
contemporary country
contemporary folk
contemporary gospel
contemporary instrumental
contemporary jazz
contemporary piano
contemporary rnb
cool jazz
country
country blues
country christmas
country pop
country rap
country rock
crank wave
croatia
croatian
crooners
crossover prog
crossover thrash
crunk
crunkcore
crust
cuba
cuban
cumbia
cyber metal
cybergrind
cyberpunk
czech
czech classical
d-beat
dada
dance
dance-pop
dance-punk
dancecore
dancehall
dancehall reggae
danish
danish poprock
dansk
dansk pop rock
dark ambient
dark cabaret
dark electro
dark electronic
dark folk
dark industrial
dark jazz
dark metal
dark pop
dark rock
dark techno
darkcore
darkpsy
darkstep
darksynth
darkwave
death doom metal
death industrial
death metal
death n roll
death-thrash metal
deathcore
deathgrind
deathrock
deconstructed club
deep ambient
deep and dark
deep dubstep
deep house
deep techno
delta blues
demoscene
denmark
depressive black metal
depressive rock
depressive suicidal black metal
desert rock
desi
detroit
detroit rap
detroit techno
deutsche schlager
deutschland
deutschpop
deutschpunk
deutschrap
deutschrock
didgeridoo
digicore
digital hardcore
dirty south
disco
disco house
dixieland
diy
dj
djent
doom metal
doomcore
doomergaze
doomgaze
double bass
doujin
doujin ongaku
downbeat
downtempo
downtempo groove
downtempo lounge
drag
dream folk
dream pop
dreamwave
drill and bass
drill n bass
drone
drone ambient
drone metal
drone rock
drum
drum and bass
drumless
drumstep
dub
dub techno
dubstep
duet
dungeon synth
duo
dutch
eai
early 2000s country
early 90s country
east coast
east coast hip hop
east coast rap
easy listening
easycore
ebm
edm
electric blues
electric guitar
electro
electro house
electro-industrial
electroacoustic
electroclash
electronic
electronic lounge jazz
electronic pop
electronic rock
electronica
electronicore
electropop
electropunk
emd
emo
emo rap
emo violence
emocore
england
english
english folk
english hip hop
epic black metal
epic metal
epic trance
españa
espanol
estonia
estonian
ethereal
ethereal new age
ethereal wave
ethnic
ethnic fusion
ethno
euro house
eurobeat
eurodance
europe
european
european jazz
european pop
europop
eurovision
exotica
experimental black metal
experimental electronic
experimental folk
experimental hip hop
experimental indie
experimental metal
experimental noise
experimental pop
experimental rock
experimental techno
experimental-ambient
extreme metal
fado
fantasy ambient
fantasy new age
farsi
fast melodic punk
fastcore
female fronted metal
female rapper
female vocalists
feminist
fiddle
field recordings
fingerstyle guitar
finland
finnish
finnish black metal
finnish metal
flamenco
flamenco guitar
flute
folk
folk metal
folk noir
folk pop
folk punk
folk rock
folktronica
footwork
francais
france
francophone
freak folk
freestyle
french
french black metal
french house
french indie
french pop
french rap
french rock
frenchcore
funeral doom metal
funk
funk metal
funk rock
funky house
fusion
fusion jazz
future bass
future funk
future garage
future house
futurepop
g-funk
gabber
galiza
gamelan
gangsta rap
garage
garage house
garage punk
garage rock
garage rock revival
genderqueer
german
german black metal
german hip hop
german metal
german punk
german rap
german thrash metal
germany
ghazal
ghettotech
girl band
girlgroup
glam metal
glam punk
glam rock
glasgow
glitch
glitch hop
glitch pop
goa
goa trance
goat
goregrind
gorenoise
gospel
goth rock
gothic country
gothic doom metal
gothic metal
gothic pop
gothic rock
greece
greek
greekpunk
grime
grindcore
groove lounge
groove metal
grunge
guitar rock
guitar virtuoso
guitarist
gypsy
gypsy jazz
hair metal
haiti
hamburg
hammond
happy hardcore
hard bop
hard dance
hard house
hard rock
hard techno
hard trance
hardcore
hardcore hip hop
hardcore punk
hardcore rap
hardcore techno
hardstyle
harmolodic
harmonica
harmonica blues
harp
harpsichord
harsh ebm
harsh noise
harsh noise wall
hate
hatecore
heavy metal
hebrew
hi-nrg
hindi
hindustani
hip-hop
hollywood
honky tonk
horn
horror punk
horrorcore
hörspiel
house
houston
houston rap
humour
hungarian
hungary
hymns
hyperpop
hypnagogic pop
ibiza
iceland
icelandic
idm
idol
illbient
impressionism
improvisation
india
indian
indian classical
indian fusion
indie dance
indie electronic
indie emo
indie folk
indie pop
indie punk
indie rock
indietronica
indonesia
indonesian
industrial
industrial black metal
industrial death metal
industrial hardcore
industrial hip hop
industrial metal
industrial noise
industrial rock
industrial techno
instrumental
instrumental hip-hop
instrumental metal
instrumental rock
international
iran
iranian
iranian rock
ireland
irish
irish folk
israel
italian
italian baroque
italian black metal
italian folk
italian opera
italian pop
italian rock
italiana
italiano
italo disco
italy
j-core
j-idol
j-metal
j-pixie
j-pop
j-rock
jam
jam band
jamaica
jamaican
jangle pop
japan
japanese
japanese female pop-rock
japanese female vocalists
japanese metal
japanese pop
japanese rock
japanoise
jazz
jazz bass
jazz double bass
jazz fusion
jazz guitar
jazz hop
jazz metal
jazz organ
jazz piano
jazz rap
jazz rock
jazz saxophone
jazz trio
jazz trumpet
jazz-funk
jazzcore
jewish
juke
jump up
jungle
k-pop
k-rock
kabarett
karlsruhe
kawaii metal
keyboard
kkk country
klezmer
korea
korean
krautrock
kurdish
kurdistan
late 90s country
late romantic
latin
latin america
latin jazz
latin pop
latin rock
latino
lattice
latvian
lds
leeds
lgbt
lieder
liedermacher
liederzyklus
liquid funk
lithuanian
live recording
live set
live show
liverpool
lo-fi
lo-fi indie
lobit
london
los angeles
louisiana
lounge
lounge downtempo
lounge groove
lounge uptempo
lute
macedonian
madison beer
maghreb
magyar
male and female
male singer songwriter
male vocalists
mali
mambo
manchester
mantra
mariachi
martial
martial industrial
martial neofolk
mashcore
mashup
mass
mastersinger
math metal
math rock
mathcore
medieval ambient
medieval folk
meditation
mediterranean
melbourne
melodic black metal
melodic death metal
melodic hard rock
melodic hardcore
melodic house
melodic metal
melodic metalcore
melodic power metal
melodic punk
melodic rock
melodic techno
melodic trance
memphis
memphis rap
merengue
metal
metalcore
metallic hardcore
mexican
mexico
miami bass
michigan
microhouse
microsound
microtonal
mid 90s country
midwest
midwest emo
midwest rap
mincecore
minimal ambient
minimal house
minimal piano
minimal synth
minimal techno
minimal wave
minimalism
minneapolis
minnesota
modern jazz
modern melodic death metal
modern metal
modern rock
montreal
moombahton
morocco
moscow
moshcore
mother
motown
mpb
mucajai
musical
musical theater
musique concrete
musique francaise
napoli
nashville
natal
national socialist
native american
ndw
nederlands
nederlandstalig
neo-classical metal
neo-prog
neo-psychedelia
neo-soul
neoclassical
neoclassical darkwave
neocrust
neofolk
neoliberal
neomedieval
nerdcore
nessa barrett
netherlands
neurofunk
new age
new age ambiant
new age electronic
new age electronica
new age fusion
new age instrumental
new beat
new generation freestyle
new jack swing
new jersey
new orleans
new prog
new rave
new romantic
new thing
new wave
new weird america
new york
new york city
new zealand
nigeria
nightcore
nintendocore
no wave
noise
noise pop
noise punk
noise rock
noisecore
noisegrind
non-binary
nordic
norge
norsk
north africa
north carolina
northern soul
norway
norwegian
norwegian black metal
nouvelle scene francaise
nsbm
nu jazz
nu metal
nu metalcore
nu-bluz
nu-disco
nwobhm
nwothm
nyhc
oakland
oboe
ohio
oi
old school death metal
old school ebm
old school hardcore
old school thrash metal
old-school heavy metal
oldies
one man band
one man project
opera
operette
oratorio
orchestra
orchestral
oregon
organ
organic electronica
oriental
orthodox black metal
ostrock
oud
outlaw country
outsider house
pacific
pagan
pagan black metal
pagan folk
pagan metal
pagode
pakistani
palia ellinika tragoudia
paris
parisienne
parody
patriotic
percussion
persian
persian rock
peru
peruvian
philadelphia
philly soul
phonk
piano
piano ambient
piano jazz
piano rock
piano solo
piano sonata
piano trio
pipe organ
plugg
plunderphonics
poetry
poland
polish
polish black metal
polish death metal
polish hip-hop
polish jazz
polish metal
polish rock
polska
polski
polski hip hop
polski rap
polskie
pop
pop francaise
pop italiano
pop latino
pop metal
pop punk
pop rap
pop rock
pop soul
poptron
porngrind
portland
portugal
portugues
portuguese
post-black metal
post-bop
post-dubstep
post-grunge
post-hardcore
post-industrial
post-metal
post-punk
post-punk revival
post-rock
postclassical
potpourri
power electronics
power metal
power noise
power pop
powerviolence
prog-rock
progressive ambient
progressive black metal
progressive breaks
progressive death metal
progressive deathcore
progressive electronic
progressive folk
progressive house
progressive metal
progressive metalcore
progressive pop
progressive power metal
progressive psytrance
progressive rock
progressive thrash metal
progressive trance
protest
proto-punk
proto-vaporwave
psybient
psychedelic folk
psychedelic metal
psychedelic pop
psychedelic rock
psychill
psychobilly
psycore
psydub
psytrance
pub rock
puerto rico
punjabi
punjabi bhangra
punjabi folk
punk pop
punk rock
quartet
quebec
queer metal
queercore
rabm
rac
racist country
ragga
ragga-reggae
ragtime
rai
ranchera
rap
rap francais
rap metal
rap rock
rapcore
rappeuse
rave
raw black metal
rawstyle
real post-hardcore
real screamo
rechtsrock
recorder
reggae
reggaeton
remixes
requiem
retrowave
rhythm and blues
rhythmic noise
riddim
riot grrrl
ritual ambient
ritual industrial
rnb
rock
rock alternativo
rock argentino
rock chileno
rock en espanol
rock francais
rock n roll
rock nacional
rock opera
rockabilly
rocksteady
romance
romania
romanian
romanian trap
romantica
roots
roots reggae
roots rock
roraima
rumba
sacred
sadcore
salsa
samba
sampling
san francisco
sasscore
scat
schlager
schranz
science fiction
scotland
scottish
screamo
seattle
serbia
serbian
serialism
sertanejo
sextrance
sheffield
shibuya-kei
shoegaze
showtune
shred
singer-songwriter
sitar
sjw
ska
ska punk
skacore
skate punk
skinhead
skramz
slacker rock
slamming brutal death metal
sleaze rock
slide guitar
slow jams
slowcore
sludge
sludge metal
sludgecore
smooth jazz
smooth lounge
soft rock
solo piano
sonata
sophisti-pop
soprano
soul
soul jazz
soulful house
sound collage
soundscape
soundtrack
south africa
south african
southern gospel
southern hip hop
southern metal
southern rap
southern rock
space age pop
space ambient
space rock
space rock revival
spacesynth
spain
spanish
spanish guitar
spanish metal
spanish rock
speed metal
speedcore
spiritual
spiritual jazz
spoken word
stand-up
stand-up comedy
steampunk
stoner doom
stoner metal
stoner rock
straight edge
street punk
string quartet
strings
sufi
suicidal black metal
sunshine pop
suomi
suomipop
suomirock
suomisaundi
surf
surf rock
svensk
svenskt
sverige
sweden
swedish
swedish black metal
swedish death metal
swedish metal
swedish punk
swing
switzerland
symphonic black metal
symphonic death metal
symphonic deathcore
symphonic metal
symphonic power metal
symphonic prog
symphonic rock
symphony
synth punk
synth rock
synthesizer
synthpop
synthwave
tabla
taiwan
taiwanese
takamba
tango
tango argentino
tech house
tech trance
technical brutal death metal
technical death metal
technical deathcore
technical metal
technical thrash metal
techno
techno-industrial
technoid
techstep
teen pop
tekno
tenor
terrorcore
texas
thrash metal
thrashcore
tishoumaren
tolkien
toronto
toxicwhitemalecore
traditional
traditional country
traditional doom metal
traditional heavy metal
traditional jazz
traditional pop
trance
trancecore
trap
trap metal
tribal
tribal ambient
tribal industrial
trio
trip
trip-hop
trombone
tropical house
tropicalia
trova
true black metal
true metal
true norwegian black metal
tunisia
turkey
turkish
turkish pop
turkish rock
turntablism
twee pop
uk
uk bhangra
uk funky
uk garage
uk hardcore
uk hip hop
// ukraine // disabled for the project
// ukrainian // disabled for the project
ukulele
unblack metal
underground hip-hop
underground rap
unplugged
uplifting trance
urbain
us indie
us power metal
usa
usbm
uutta jazzia
vancouver
vaporwave
venezuela
vibraphone
vietnamese
viking metal
viola
viola da gamba
violin sonata
visual kei
vocal house
vocal jazz
vocal trance
vocaloid
volksmusik
wales
waltz
war metal
washington
weihnacht
welsh
west coast hip hop
west coast rap
west coast underground
westcoast
western
western new york
western swing
witch house
woman
wood and string
world
world fusion
world guitar
worldbeat
worship
y2k prog
yacht rock
yiddish
yoga
zen
zeuhl
zouk
zydeco